# Product-Mapping-Datasets
This part of the repository contains extended ProMapCz and ProMapEn datasets from our previous work.
Original ProMapCz and ProMapEn are two manually created datasets and contain matching and non-matching product pairs from two e-shops: Alza-Mall for ProMapCz and Walmart-Amazon for ProMapEn. Each product contains detailed information about itself: name, specification, short descriptions, long descriptions, images and price. Each product pair contains also the type of match and product category.

Newly added data sets are modifications of original ProMapCz and ProMapEn datasets and their extensions for further analysis of products.

Each folder (except for ProMapsLemmatized) contains 2 subfolders:
* **original_data**, which contains the original train and test data
* **similarities**, which contains precomputed similarities computed as described in our paper


## ProMapsExtended
ProMapCzExt and ProMapEnExt are extended versions of the original ProMapCz and ProMapEn datasets. They were extended by adding distant non-matches. They were generated by a random selection of products and a selection of non-matching pairs by selecting random products from different categories. These datasets demonstrate the difficulty of recognising close-looking but non-matching products showing that distant non-matches are not really challenging and proving the benefit of close and medium non-matches in ProMap Datasets.
 
We extended the original 1,495 pairs from ProMapCz into 2,000 pairs by adding a total of 505 distant non-matching pairs to create the ProMapCzExt. We added 404 pairs to the training dataset and 101 to the test dataset.
We extended the original 1,555 pairs from ProMapEn into 2,000 pairs by adding 445 distant non-matching pairs. We added 356 pairs to the training dataset and 89 to the test dataset.
We extended the original 1,555 pairs from ProMapEnMultiWA into 2,000 pairs by adding 445 distant non-matching pairs. We added 320 pairs to the training dataset and 125 to the test dataset.
We extended the original 145 pairs from ProMapMultiWS into 195 pairs by adding 50 distant non-matching pairs.
We extended the original 100 pairs from ProMapMultiWT into 130 pairs by adding 30 distant non-matching pairs.

## ProMasLemmatized
This folder contains lemmatized versions of all datasets. As all the datasets are lemmatized before preprocessing, similarities correspond to similarities in the ProMapsMulti file and therefore, they are omitted here.


## ProMapsMulti
We extended English datasets by product pairs with other English e-shops Sears and Target to test pre-trained models on products from different e-shops than were used for training.
We combined training and testing sets of the ProMapEn dataset into one and we randomly selected 100 products from Walmart (10 products from each category) as a source product. We took these 100 unique products as source products from Walmart and we searched for corresponding matching and non-matching products on Sears and Target e-shops.
We created additional 2 test datasets ProMapMultiWS with 145 pairs from Walmart-Sears and ProMapMultiWT with 100 pairs from Walmart-Target.
We also created a new train and test version of ProMapEn by taking all product pairs containing randomly selected products as a new test set ProMapEnMulti Test with 275 pairs and we used the remaining 1,280 pairs as a new train set ProMapEnMulti Train to ensure that products from the test set in newly created dataset do not appear in train set.
We too

## ProMapsTranslated
Contains all datasets translated from Czech to English or from English to Czech depending on the original language of the dataset.
